Code Added (#1)
friedcucumber/maui-grid-column-chooser: README.md

<!-- default badges list -->
<!-- default badges end -->
## DataGrid for .NET MAUI - Implement a Column Chooser

> This example shows how to implement a [Data Grid](https://docs.devexpress.com/MAUI/403255/data-grid/data-grid) control's column chooser.

Reviewer: You wrote the following in the corresponding documentation topic:

> This example demonstrates how to implement a @DevExpress.Maui.DataGrid.DataGridView column chooser.

Why this difference? Normally, I would expect this introduction to fall in line with your mapping documentation topic.

Also, shows -> demonstrates

Author: ```suggestion
This example demonstrates how to implement a [Data Grid](https://docs.devexpress.com/MAUI/403255/data-grid/data-grid) column chooser.
```

Reviewer: Good call. Thank you.

<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/12169834/228222481-197a4064-f461-4f13-8877-412c81263fd2.png" width="30%"/>

> Used controls and their properties:

Reviewer: As I mentioned before, we don't deal in "used", that is, second-hand controls.

```suggestion
Included controls and their properties:
```

* [DXPopup](https://docs.devexpress.com/MAUI/DevExpress.Maui.Controls.DXPopup): [IsOpen](https://docs.devexpress.com/MAUI/DevExpress.Maui.Controls.DXPopup.IsOpen)
* [DXCollectionView](https://docs.devexpress.com/MAUI/DevExpress.Maui.CollectionView.DXCollectionView): [ItemsSource](https://docs.devexpress.com/MAUI/DevExpress.Maui.CollectionView.DXCollectionView.ItemsSource), [ItemTemplate](https://docs.devexpress.com/MAUI/DevExpress.Maui.CollectionView.DXCollectionView.ItemTemplate), [ReduceSizeToContent](https://docs.devexpress.com/MAUI/DevExpress.Maui.CollectionView.DXCollectionView.ReduceSizeToContent)
* [CheckEdit](https://docs.devexpress.com/MAUI/DevExpress.Maui.Editors.CheckEdit): [IsChecked](https://docs.devexpress.com/MAUI/DevExpress.Maui.Editors.CheckEdit.IsChecked), [Label](https://docs.devexpress.com/MAUI/DevExpress.Maui.Editors.CheckEdit.Label), [CheckBoxPosition](https://docs.devexpress.com/MAUI/DevExpress.Maui.Editors.CheckEdit.CheckBoxPosition)

## Implementation Details

> * [Data Grid](https://docs.devexpress.com/MAUI/403255/data-grid/data-grid)'s column chooser is displayed within the [DXPopup](https://docs.devexpress.com/MAUI/DevExpress.Maui.Controls.DXPopup) control. [DXPopup](https://docs.devexpress.com/MAUI/DevExpress.Maui.Controls.DXPopup) contains the [DXCollectionView](https://docs.devexpress.com/MAUI/DevExpress.Maui.CollectionView.DXCollectionView) that is bound to the [DataGridView.Column](https://docs.devexpress.com/MAUI/DevExpress.Maui.DataGrid.DataGridView.Columns) collection:

Reviewer: I explained these issues and the corresponding changes at least in one of the previous merge requests in the series.

```suggestion
* A [Data Grid](https://docs.devexpress.com/MAUI/403255/data-grid/data-grid) column chooser is displayed in the [DXPopup](https://docs.devexpress.com/MAUI/DevExpress.Maui.Controls.DXPopup) control. [DXPopup](https://docs.devexpress.com/MAUI/DevExpress.Maui.Controls.DXPopup) contains the [DXCollectionView](https://docs.devexpress.com/MAUI/DevExpress.Maui.CollectionView.DXCollectionView) bound to the [DataGridView.Column](https://docs.devexpress.com/MAUI/DevExpress.Maui.DataGrid.DataGridView.Columns) collection:
```

    ```xaml
    <dxco:DXPopup x:Name="columnChooserPopup" ...>
        <dxcv:DXCollectionView ItemsSource="{Binding Source={Reference dataGrid}, Path=Columns}" ...>
            <dxcv:DXCollectionView.ItemTemplate>
                <DataTemplate>
                    <Grid>
                        <Border ...>
                            <dxe:CheckEdit IsChecked="{Binding IsVisible}" .../>
                        </Border>
                    </Grid>
                </DataTemplate>
            </dxcv:DXCollectionView.ItemTemplate>
        </dxcv:DXCollectionView>
    </dxco:DXPopup>
    ```

    File to Look At: [MainPage.xaml](CS/MainPage.xaml)

> * Set the [DXCollectionView.ReduceSizeToContent](https://docs.devexpress.com/MAUI/DevExpress.Maui.CollectionView.DXCollectionView.ReduceSizeToContent) property to `true` to size the [DXCollectionView](https://docs.devexpress.com/MAUI/DevExpress.Maui.CollectionView.DXCollectionView) to fit its content:

Reviewer: Yes, in theory, you can use "size" in meaning of "resize", however, "resize" sounds more precise in this scenario.

```suggestion
* Set the [DXCollectionView.ReduceSizeToContent](https://docs.devexpress.com/MAUI/DevExpress.Maui.CollectionView.DXCollectionView.ReduceSizeToContent) property to `true` to resize the [DXCollectionView](https://docs.devexpress.com/MAUI/DevExpress.Maui.CollectionView.DXCollectionView) to fit its content:
```

    ```xaml
    <dxcv:DXCollectionView ReduceSizeToContent="True" ...>
        <!-- ... -->
    </dxcv:DXCollectionView>
    ```

    File to Look At: [MainPage.xaml](CS/MainPage.xaml)

> * To align the [CheckEdit](https://docs.devexpress.com/MAUI/DevExpress.Maui.Editors.CheckEdit)'s check boxes to right, set the [CheckEdit.CheckBoxPosition](https://docs.devexpress.com/MAUI/DevExpress.Maui.Editors.CheckEdit.CheckBoxPosition) property to [CheckBoxPosition.End](https://docs.devexpress.com/MAUI/DevExpress.Maui.Editors.CheckBoxPosition.End):

Reviewer: **the** "CheckEdit" what? It's impossible to interpret this proper noun as a simple or compound noun. Look -- to align the check edit? I would have added a simple noun as the type name. For example:

> To align the CheckEdit component's check boxes ...

Then...

> to right

In this context, "right" is an abstract direction, you can even probably feel that it sounds "incorrect". A definite article is in order...

The rest looks fine in this paragraph.

```suggestion
* To align the [CheckEdit](https://docs.devexpress.com/MAUI/DevExpress.Maui.Editors.CheckEdit) component's check boxes to the right, set the [CheckEdit.CheckBoxPosition](https://docs.devexpress.com/MAUI/DevExpress.Maui.Editors.CheckEdit.CheckBoxPosition) property to [CheckBoxPosition.End](https://docs.devexpress.com/MAUI/DevExpress.Maui.Editors.CheckBoxPosition.End):
```

> * To align the [CheckEdit](https://docs.devexpress.com/MAUI/DevExpress.Maui.Editors.CheckEdit) component's check boxes to the right, set the [CheckEdit.CheckBoxPosition](https://docs.devexpress.com/MAUI/DevExpress.Maui.Editors.CheckEdit.CheckBoxPosition) property to [CheckBoxPosition.End](https://docs.devexpress.com/MAUI/DevExpress.Maui.Editors.CheckBoxPosition.End):

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* To align the [CheckEdit](https://docs.devexpress.com/MAUI/DevExpress.Maui.Editors.CheckEdit) component's checkboxes to the right, set the [CheckEdit.CheckBoxPosition](https://docs.devexpress.com/MAUI/DevExpress.Maui.Editors.CheckEdit.CheckBoxPosition) property to [CheckBoxPosition.End](https://docs.devexpress.com/MAUI/DevExpress.Maui.Editors.CheckBoxPosition.End):
```

    ```xaml
    <dxcv:DXCollectionView ...>
        <dxcv:DXCollectionView.ItemTemplate>
            <DataTemplate>
                <Grid>
                    <Border ...>
                        <dxe:CheckEdit CheckBoxPosition="End" .../>
                    </Border>
                </Grid>
            </DataTemplate>
        </dxcv:DXCollectionView.ItemTemplate>
    </dxcv:DXCollectionView>
    ```

    File to Look At: [MainPage.xaml](CS/MainPage.xaml)

> * You can bind the [CheckEdit](https://docs.devexpress.com/MAUI/DevExpress.Maui.Editors.CheckEdit) to the [GridColumn.ActualCaption](https://docs.devexpress.com/MAUI/DevExpress.Maui.DataGrid.GridColumn.ActualCaption) property to display the [Data Grid](https://docs.devexpress.com/MAUI/403255/data-grid/data-grid)'s column caption:

Reviewer: Again, the proper noun "CheckEdit" does not work as a simple noun. I would have just removed an article in this case.

```suggestion
* You can bind [CheckEdit](https://docs.devexpress.com/MAUI/DevExpress.Maui.Editors.CheckEdit) to the [GridColumn.ActualCaption](https://docs.devexpress.com/MAUI/DevExpress.Maui.DataGrid.GridColumn.ActualCaption) property to display the [Data Grid](https://docs.devexpress.com/MAUI/403255/data-grid/data-grid)'s column caption:
```

    ```xaml
    <dxcv:DXCollectionView ...>
        <dxcv:DXCollectionView.ItemTemplate>
            <DataTemplate>
                <Grid>
                    <Border ...>
                        <dxe:CheckEdit Label="{Binding ActualCaption}" .../>
                    </Border>
                </Grid>
            </DataTemplate>
        </dxcv:DXCollectionView.ItemTemplate>
    </dxcv:DXCollectionView>
    ```

    File to Look At: [MainPage.xaml](CS/MainPage.xaml)

> * Specify the [GridColumn.MinWidth](https://docs.devexpress.com/MAUI/DevExpress.Maui.DataGrid.GridColumn.MinWidth) property to hide horizontal scroll bar when the summary width of visible [Data Grid](https://docs.devexpress.com/MAUI/403255/data-grid/data-grid) columns is lower than the width of the device view port:

Reviewer: > to hide horizontal scroll bar

Well, scroll bar is countable, therefore, an article is in order.

```suggestion
* Specify the [GridColumn.MinWidth](https://docs.devexpress.com/MAUI/DevExpress.Maui.DataGrid.GridColumn.MinWidth) property to a hide horizontal scroll bar when the summary width of visible [Data Grid](https://docs.devexpress.com/MAUI/403255/data-grid/data-grid) columns is lower than the width of the device view port:
```

> * Specify the [GridColumn.MinWidth](https://docs.devexpress.com/MAUI/DevExpress.Maui.DataGrid.GridColumn.MinWidth) property to a hide horizontal scroll bar when the summary width of visible [Data Grid](https://docs.devexpress.com/MAUI/403255/data-grid/data-grid) columns is lower than the width of the device view port:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Specify the [GridColumn.MinWidth](https://docs.devexpress.com/MAUI/DevExpress.Maui.DataGrid.GridColumn.MinWidth) property to a hide horizontal scroll bar when the total width of visible [Data Grid](https://docs.devexpress.com/MAUI/403255/data-grid/data-grid) columns is less than the width of the device's viewport:
```
